Just letting you know that we can race if you want to. May not look like it, but I can fly up to 15 mph!
We're very good at math! Almost as well as human adults. It's how we find food.    
We don't talk like humans, if we want to say something, we dance!              
Our house temperature is always 92 or 93 degrees and we're the ones who make it so. No thermostat in our hive.               
Not all of us live inside hives. Some of my cousins like to live underground! It's hard to talk with them when they live under a rock.                 
We enjoy a bit of fruit now and then, plums and and grapes are my favorite!                 
I have five eyes, it's just hard to see the other three. If you had three more eyes maybe you see them.                
When we have to move, I can vote where we can live! By dancing!
Can you imagine walking up to 3 miles each day for a grocery store that may or may not be empty? That's my life.                
Think you have a lot of sisters? I have 60,000. Honestly I feel more bad for my mom.                
I can't see the color red, but I visit red flowers because they usually have pretty UV patterns.
My brain is the size of a sugar grain, but like they say, size doesn't matter! My brain is very complex despite being small.  
Not all of us like the same flowers. My cousins like the bumblebee like bigger flowers but I like smaller flowers.
I actually sleep. But it's hard to notice when I'm working all the time.                
We've been here longer than humans; some of the earliest fossils date back to 150 million years... We've been working all that time.                
There are 20,000 species of bees... but only 4 make honey.  
I've been working since the day I was born. I started with cleaning duty, then babysitting, then building the house, then guarding the house, and now finally foraging! 
Whenever one of my sisters becomes a queen, 40% of us stay with her while the rest leave with our mom.
We remember you. We know your face. Don't be mean to us or else we won't like you.
I don't really notice you when I'm working unless you start poking me. I don't like it.
I'm a worker because I was fed ordinary honey. If they fed me royal jelly I would have been a Queen.         
We have a good sense of smell but bad eyesight. Sometimes we think you're a flower when you wear perfume.
My family in Japan have a way to explode hornets when they invade the hive; they have a cuddle party!               
Sometimes beekeepers pour powdered sugar on us and it makes us itchy. But I suppose it help us get rid of the mites off our back.